reorder CSS layout test your skills for consistency (#42953)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/css_layout/test_your_skills/floats/index.md

}
```

The starting point of the task looks like this:

{{EmbedLiveSample("float1-start", "", "210px")}}

> The finished task should look like this:

Reviewer: "When the task is complete, the items should look like this:"
or "The items should look like this after you complete this task:"

> In this task, we have a floated element. The box wrapping the float and text is displaying behind the float.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this task, we have a floated element. The background box that wraps the float and the text does not currently extend underneath the floated element.
```
